for a while I was
thinking with regards to so-called
gender affirming
care um I'm not exactly sure even what
terminology to use
it's it's it's what it's surgical
mutilation essentially yeah hormonal
manipulation and surgical mutilation y
okay should you have the right to do
that to yourself as an adult yes I
thought sure why not knock yourself out
y but you know I'm starting to wonder
about that there there's two ways you
can approach that one would be well you
might be able to request it but that
doesn't mean the surgeons should be
allowed to provide it oh sure right and
I think they've actually showed their
absolute inability and unwillingness to
police themselves in that regard that's
just clear and then it's also the case
that you don't know the limits to what
people are willing to do to themselves
to stand out and the answer to that is
there are no limits so you saw the
recent case in Canada I presume where we
have a diaper fetishist because that's a
fun class of people um who's just
pursuing his own thing after all who
wants to have a Neo vagina uh created
somewhere down below well maintaining
his penis intact and he couldn't find
anyone skillful enough to perform that
particular Act of Butchery on him in
Canada found someone in Texas and then
sued the Canadian government right for
paying for it right and and they that's
the key and they're going to that's the
key that's the key for me right so all
right
so at some point I'm sort of thinking no
we're done with all this we're just not
doing sex reassignment I don't care if
you're 90 right it's it there's no
surgeons that have the right to do that
to another person MH so now and if is it
a slippery slope argument well for me
it's sort of for me it's more like I
I've just had enough of this argument I
saw where this went we started with this
in 1960 something or rather with the
first sex change operation which I think
was a dubious Enterprise back then and
the cascading consequence of this has
been like the worst medical M practice
in maybe ever mhm probably not you know
cuz ever is a long time and there's been
some dark things done but in terms of
mass assault on children it's certainly
in the top too but children are
different right right but but that's the
thing is that you know at what point
does your the perversity of your desire
to go to hell in a hand basket your own
particular Way start to actually become
in and of itself a social threat okay
well
well yeah but let's but let's put the
kids aside because the kids are a
special case right right and you got
then you got the problem of you know who
gets to decide the parent or the state
the easiest case to resolve and find
agreement on are with adults
so let's ask this question is there
anything that a of an of AG adult full
adult
competent should not be allowed to do to
themselves if they're not imposing upon
other people not coercing them not
interfering with them not taking their
stuff and my answer is nothing I can't
think of anything now that does not mean
that I think the state should be
involved as in running the Health Care
system I don't think they should be
funding it I don't think they should be
providing Services I mean I we shouldn't
have from my mind we shouldn't have a
public healthare system but so if you
take that away it's like in other words
you should be allowed to go if you can
find a doctor to do this strange thing
that you want done to yourself and the
doctor agrees of his own free will
and you agree of your own free will and
you're willing to pay the doctor as far
as I'm concerned the fact that I think
it's weird and strange and wrong and
harmful I'm not the king so I don't I
don't think my opinion about it has any
relevance to it and that applies to
gender surgery it applies to assisted
suicide it applies to prostitution it
applies to drugs it applies to anything
because it's not my it's not my life
it's their life and I don't want to
impose my there's also the danger there
of deciding who's going to make the
Judgment it's not like it's a risk-free
prohib there's no prohibition that's
risk-free it's just the see the problem
I've having with that more and more
Bruce is
that there's kind of no end to the
number of monsters who are going to
crawl out from underneath the woodwork
as we've seen that's going to get worse
and so you
know you you say if you can find a
doctor who will do that I mean I I could
I would
respond if I was making the contrary
cases that there are things that if they
were actually doctors they wouldn't do
right right and so we already saw in
Canada I think the removal of two
fingers that was a month ago could right
because the person had a form of body
dysmorphia and right claimed to be at
suicide risk unless the fingers were
removed well let's take it let's take an
easier one then how about how about
assisted suicide now now there are three
there are three models of assisted
suicide the conservative one is no can't
do that it's not not moral can't
outlawed no assistant
suicide the the progressive version is
the one we have in Canada which is it's
publicly funded the government provides
it directs it supports it promotes it
pays for it and it comes with a free
rain unicorn kill yourself we'll help
you and they encourage it by by by not
giving you timely service on other
things that you really need so that your
life becomes miserable and so the best
way out is to kill yourself that that's
untenable okay I am not advocating that
at all the third version is the
government has nothing to do with it if
you want to kill yourself with the help
of a
doctor that is your business and I might
not approve
but it's got nothing to do with me well
that's kind of where we were before the
assisted suicide law practic that's kind
of where it land but the conservatives
will not put up with it yeah yeah right
so if if I'm in my old age and I have
some kind of difficulty and I'm not
having any fun anymore I want to be able
to kill myself and I do not want to be
under the thumb of conservatives any
more than I want to be under the thumb
of the woke and this is the problem that
we have between these two philos opies
the the the the conservatives portray
themselves sometimes as virtue people
I've called them that virtue people in
the sense that they put virtue before
freedom and there's something to be said
for that so here's here's the way the
argument goes in order to be truly free
in your own heart or your own mind you
have to be virtuous in your own heart
you have to understand things you have
to have discipline you have to
understand the good or some notion of it
you have to have faith in something in
order to it's even the purpose of
freedom exactly you have to have meaning
so that you don't give into your base
desires and your animal instincts okay
but that's not about the law and the
conservatives a lot of them anyway say
no the law should make you behave
virtuously yeah enforced virtue enforced
virtue and my answer to that is enforced
virtue is not virtuous it's
obedience in order to be virtuous you
have to decide you have to have free
will to decide between dark and Light
and if you don't have the choice then
the fact that you are made to behave in
this way right so part of part of the
like part of the reading of your more
libertarian argument there would be I I
guess part of the reason that I've often
always believe that people should be
allowed to go to hell in a hand basket
in their own particular manner is
because you're going to learn you are
going to learn that's right and that's
and and then you'll know absolutely and
that's the libertarian version of
responsibility yes right right
[Music]